>> Narrator: Well, observe her
move, and she moves fairly normally,
but particularly when we want to inspect the
part, we'd inspect for swelling, deformities,
muscles, and particularly the
muscles we want to look for,
it's her left shoulder that's troublesome.
And she's got her special
Cincinnati shirt on here.
But we look particularly, if you come in closer
there Steve, at the infraspinatus muscle here,
and compare it to the opposite side.
And if we compare it to the opposite side, I
think you can appreciate that it doesn't look
like there's any obvious infraspinatus swelling.
Come on back again.
And then we look in the supraspinatus
fossa, above here, and again it doesn't look
like there's much swelling on that.
Now the deltoid itself does not get
-- or at least -- I'm sorry -- wasted.
The deltoid itself does not
get wasted, so in fact,
she really does not have
manifestations of muscle wasting.
While we're looking at the muscles, we
would ask her to flex her bicep for us,
per chance if she had a disruption,
which she obviously doesn't have.
Now in terms of looking at her shoulder, we
want to be sure she doesn't have a deformity
of her acromioclavicular joint here,
or any other obvious deformities
about her shoulder, which she doesn't.